Lesser Deities: Trickery,Theolucia - Scholar of History,0

While the seven Pillars are known throughout Ylva and draw the greatest faith, there exist lesser deities who serve under them, are worshipped by smaller groups of select peoples, and govern narrower, more specialized domains.

In this series, I aim to introduce the reader to the minor religions of Ylva.
{p}
<b>God of Mifu</b>

Kizuami of Trickery is indisputably god of the mifu; almost all mifu worship him, and few outside the fox tribes profess his faith. It is not that he does not meddle with the world, but his hand is subtle and he does not flaunt his divinity.

Followers of Kizuami are taught:

*To experience life in all its richness, to seek new experiences and never be bored,
*To accept blessings and curses alike, and realize neither are eternal,
*To not disdain their flaws, but instead seek to turn them into strengths,
*To be inventive and make broken and worthless things useful,
*To understand that by changing one's perspective and actions, some good may come out of even the greatest disaster.
{p}

<i>"There is no eternal summer."</i> According to the fox tribes' legends, Kizuami spoke these words as he slew his brother Yufu, but mifu of today prefer the following mantra:

<i>"There is no life without death, no heaven without hell, no meeting without parting, no joy without sorrow."</i>

Ultimately, it is the philosophy of a god who lived amongst mortals, watched their births and deaths, experienced their emotions, and accepted their fleeting nature. A god who did not seek to buy more time for his favored mortals, but instead treasured what they had together; a god who did not grow disheartened by how quickly their flames died, but wondered at how brightly they burned.
{p}
It is — or at least, the mifu believe — the philosophy a god must have to fully embrace the richness that mortals possess in their time alive. In our legends of the Pillars, gods are deeply shaken by death and parting — Itzpalt and Odina, Kumiromi and Ehekatl — and the great divine wars of the third and sixth ages aside, do not often lose their peers. But for the divine to repeatedly draw close to short-lived mortals, a mindset which accepts loss is required. Beneath the Trickster's playful capriciousness lies a stoic melancholy which keeps him light-hearted in the face of our world's tragedies; many mifu legends have him incarnating on Ylva in many guises to seek romance.

There are similar themes in Kumiromi's worship, but those relate to the the cycle of life, death and rebirth in the natural world, whereas Kizuami's themes pertain to the spiritual and social aspects of existence.
{p}
<b>Rice</b>

Rice holds great spiritual significance to the mifu; offerings to Kizuami include rice flour noodles, sake and mochi. Mifu Village grows enormous amounts of rice with multiple harvests every year; they attribute this abundance to divine providence.

There is no obvious connection between rice itself and Kizuami's religious teachings, yet it is held in great reverence and he is always portrayed holding rice stalks. I watched the mifu tend to their paddies, and every step from sowing to harvest is carried out in solemn contemplation and diligence, as if it were part of some ritual. No… with their priestess herself toiling and the uneasy feeling in the air, I'm certain the entire village was weaving some great rite that I could not fully perceive.
{p}
Is there divine power in the rice? The act of cultivating it? The land on which it's planted? I have no answer for what I sensed, save that the hand of a god was somehow in play. I was invited to the festival afterwards and politely requested answers of their priestess, but only left with more questions.

Now that I think back on it, I don't remember what exactly she said…
