Introduction to Magic

(A set of students' notes by the Mages' Guild)

All right, class. The guild master tells me you kids are hands-on students, so I've prepared this introductory lesson for you. No boring lectures — I know you're much more interested in trying a little real magic. No need to be shy, the guild needs members who do field work and kids like you will be trained for the job.

So today, I'm going to walk you through spellcasting step by step.
{p}
<b>Learning Spells</b>

Magic begins with learning spells. Now, reading spellbooks isn't like browsing the Palmia Times: your literacy will be tested, and the consequences for misreading magic runes are more severe than a tabloid. Now, I've brought in one of the simplest spellbooks: magic arrow. Pass it around the class, I want everyone to try reading it. As your literacy grows, you can attempt reading more complex spells.

All done? Having memorized the runes, you're ready for your first spell. Now, the effort of spellcasting will burn the spell from your mind — not all at once, but if you don't refresh your memory of the runes, you'll forget them completely.
{p}
This is what we mages term "stocks", how many times we can cast a spell before the incantations slip our minds. Memorization is a skill: the more you read spellbooks, the better you'll be able to retain spell knowledge, meaning more stocks per reading.

It's a simple cycle: read spellbooks, gain stocks. Cast spells, use stocks. Even children like you can understand!

Before you ask, yes, spellbooks are expensive. If you've exhausted your spell stock, you might be able to reach the source of magic while dreaming and gain a little stock of simple spells in your domain. Trained mages can do this even while having stock and gain complex spells; this feat is considered essential for any spellcaster and saves novices many orens.

Yes, the source of magic is a regal, red-haired man. No further questions, please.
{p}
<b>Casting Spells</b>

Now that you've learned a spell, it's time to cast it. You there, in the back! Step up and try casting magic arrow at the dummy.

…Oh, the spell failed. Don't be disheartened: the more you practice casting, the better you'll get. In addition to general casting skill, casting a spell will attune you to it — what we call "spell levels", which increases the spell's cast chance and power. Every spell is linked to an attribute; the higher it is compared to the spell's level, the faster you gain more levels in that spell. Even failed casts will advance spell levels, so practise makes perfect.
{p}
Spellcasting is best performed unencumbered, and the following will penalize your casting:

* Heavy armor
* Shields
* Dual wielding
* Riding
* Hosting

Heavy armor and shields limit your maximum cast chance as well, but you can get feats to negate these. Finally, statuses like dim and confuse will impair your spellcasting.

Remember, with enough skill and feats, you can overcome all casting penalties. Understood? Now the rest of you form a line by the dummies, and you can take turns casting magic arrow until you've exhausted your stock.
{p}
<b>MP</b>

You there! You look pale, sit down and drink this! Feel better?

…I see, you overexerted yourself. In addition to stock, magic uses MP — casting spells with no MP will hurt you with magic reaction. Even novices can survive a single over-cast without training magic capacity, but the more negative your MP, the more it hurts.

Don't be afraid to over-cast if it's a matter of life and death, but be aware that carelessness can kill you just as easily.

{p}

To summarize today's class:

* Read books or dream, gain stock.
* Cast spells, use stock and MP.
* Equipment, situations and statuses can impair your casting.
* Spells level as you cast them, increasing power and casting success.
* You can cast with no MP, but it will hurt you.

I hope you enjoyed today's introduction to magic. Your class is slated to have these practical lessons regularly, so please look forward to them.
