Records of Strife,Unnamed Editor,50

<b>Enigmatic Origins</b>

Yevan of Strife's origins are shrouded in mystery, but his name can be seen in texts dating back to the Fifth Era, the Age of Harmony.

He is said to have once been a heretical revolutionary leader, an undefeated general, or one of the few survivors of the harrowing Fourth Era, the Age of Loss. However, no documents remain that definitively confirm his true identity. Regardless, at some point in the Era of Harmony, he achieved an unknown feat and earned his place among the gods, initially presiding over the domain of Evolution.
{p}

During the Era of Harmony, as humanity built a civilization that reached the stars and flourished in unparalleled prosperity, Yevan observed in silence. During this time, he observed the infinite potential of humankind.


<b>The Great War</b>

During the Sixth Era, the Age of War, the forces of the Chaotic Gods rose, eventually escalating into a divine war that shook the world. Yevan, who valued the potential and prosperity of humankind above all else, could not condone the arrogance of the Chaotic Gods and fought against them fiercely, striking down many enemies.
{p}

In the final stages of the war, the cunning "Prince of Betrayal" rose in rebellion. Yevan engaged in a fierce battle against him, and during a relentless war that spanned over hundreds of years, lost one of his eyes. However, in the end, he succeeded in tearing out the prince's heart and sealing him away. It is said that the Prince of Betrayal, now an empty shell deprived of his true power, was sealed somewhere in Ylva by Yevan.


<b>As the God of Strife</b>

Following the Great War, the wounded gods eradicated all life from the surface and retreated to their respective domains. Yevan, too, hesitantly followed this. As he healed, the god deeply contemplated a world that no longer required divine intervention. After much thought, he came to recognize a new possibility: evolution through conflict.

{p}

This thought was inspired by those mortals who had fought, evolved, and eventually competed against the powerful Chaotic Gods.

Perhaps as a rebuke to the gods who had wiped out life, or perhaps as a form of respect toward the Chaotic Gods who, in a way, helped him recognize a new possibility, Yevan altered his domain to "Strife". He embraced the potential of warfare, and decided to prepare for the next great upheaval that would reshape the world.


<b>Returning to Ylva</b>

In accordance with the Eternal Covenant, Yevan silently observed Ylva's civilizations rise and fall over the ages. However, as the world transitioned from the Age of Calamity to the Age of Revival, his name once again began to appear throughout history.
{p}

Signals of the resurgence of the Chaotic Gods, increasing conflicts between nations, and above all, the rise of Mani, the divine usurper, may have signified to Yevan that the world was approaching a turning point.

Now, Yevan continues to watch over humanity's struggles, occasionally selecting exceptional warriors to bring into his domain, steadily amassing power. If humanity continues to evolve, the day may come when mortals stand as a true threat to the gods. When that day arrives, an inevitable conflict between the two shall occur.

Will Yevan stand as an ally to humanity, or will he become a trial they must overcome?

Only he knows the answer.
