$livestock
{topic,Residents and Livestock}
You can house companions you meet during your journey as residents at your bases. The maximum number of residents is primarily dependent on the level of the Hearth Stone, and exceeding this limit will reduce the efficiency of the residents' work. Unique residents who join through the storyline do not count towards the resident limit.

By selecting a resident from the Resident Board and choosing "Make Livestock," you can freely keep residents as livestock. Livestock also do not count towards the resident limit, but they will be unable to perform certain actions such as joining you on adventures or trading items.

{topic,Resident Jobs and Hobbies}
Each resident has unique jobs and hobbies, which, depending on their type, can enhance the base's skills or provide supplies. Some jobs and hobbies require specific conditions to be met, which can be checked by hovering over the resident's job icon on the Resident Board.

The efficiency of jobs and hobbies primarily increases with the resident's relevant skill level and the quality of their bed. If there is an unclaimed bed at the base, residents will automatically occupy it.

{topic,Livestock and Fodder}
You can feed livestock by placing pasture on the ground or in a shared container. Well-fed livestock will produce eggs, milk, regrow wool after being sheared, and provide various benefits to the base.

Livestock do not occupy beds, and the quality of the products they produce primarily depends on their level.

$policy
{topic,Policies and Admin Points}
Policies are ordinances that can add various functions to your base. New policies can be obtained by reading the plans, and they can be enacted from the Home Board. Enacted policies will gain experience points over time, increasing their effectiveness.

Each policy requires a certain amount of admin points to be enacted, and if the total exceeds your base's admin points, you will not be able to enact any more policies. Admin points can mainly be obtained by upgrading the Hearth Stone.

{topic,Home Skills}
Unlike policies, home skills are effective just by possessing them. Home skills can also be obtained by reading the plans and can be checked from the Home Board.

Home skills can be upgraded from the Home Board using gold bars. Additionally, some residents have jobs or hobbies that increase home skills.

$elec
{topic,About Electricity}
As you progress through your adventure, you may acquire electric appliances such as refrigerators or streetlights. To operate these appliances, your base needs to be connected to a power source.

If you have a power source installed, such as a generator, electricity will automatically be supplied to all electric appliances within your base. However, depending on the type of power source, if placed outdoors, it may short-circuit temporarily due to bad weather.

{topic,Common Power Sources}
{pair|Wheel of Pain|This equipment generates a steady amount of electricity by assigning residents to it. However, assigned residents will no longer be able to engage in most jobs or hobbies.}
{pair|Generator|This equipment automatically generates electricity when installed. Many generators will short-circuit if exposed to water or bad weather.}
{pair|Hobbies and Jobs|Some resident activities, such as “Exercise” or “Smoking,” generate electricity. The amount of electricity produced increases with the resident’s proficiency in that activity, making it a simple way to ensure a stable power supply.}

{topic,How to Obtain Generators}
Generators will eventually become available through story progression or as quest rewards. Currently, they can be crafted using a provisional recipe, but beyond that, they can only be obtained through certain methods such as wishes or furniture collection. Please look forward to updates to the story and quests.

$civility
{topic,Resident Civility}
Bases have a flavor-based concept called "Civility," which fluctuates depending on the residents' hobbies, jobs, and the base's policies.

Civility primarily affects the residents' awareness of proper waste management. Residents with high civility sort and dispose of their trash responsibly, while those with low civility not only fail to sort their garbage but may even litter carelessly.

When it comes to waste management issues, a short-term solution is to implement policies that prohibit littering by residents. However, in the long run, adopting policies aimed at raising the civility of residents proves to be more effective.
