Hooked!,The Fisher King

So, you're interested in fishing? It's not a bad idea, since North Tyris is absolutely bursting with fish of all kinds, nya; I've never gone hungry in the forty years I've followed Lady Ehekatl.


<b>Preparations</b>

First, you'll need to know how to fish; you can learn the skill in Yowyn. Once you paw-sitively understand what you're doing, you'll need bait and a rod to start fishing.

Bait's simple: mash together bones, offal and other monster bits into something fish love, nya. Many mushrooms growing in North Tyris have a meaty texture and make okay bait, if you're the squeamish sort.

{p}
As for rods, novices will be fine with string tied to a branch, but that won't do for a professional, nya. A rod made from harder materials will tire you less while you fish, so upgrade it when you can.


<b>Location</b>

Now, you can fish anywhere in North Tyris — there isn't any water so poor that there's nothing living in it. However, efficient use of your time and bait requires going to where fish are plentiful, and that means the ocean, nya. Port Kapul's a good place to start: there're no monsters and the inn offers room and board after a day of fishing. Afterwards, you can sell your catch at the market, or send it home via delivery box.

That being said, the city's too crowded. If you can, get yourself some waterfront property at a purr-ime fishing spot!

{p}
Your reward for all this trouble is a lot more fish: the chance of a lucky catch, where Lady Ehekatl blesses your line with as many fish as it can hold, is ten times greater at a beach or ocean fishing spot than it is at some small pool! You'll save time and bait, and get better at fishing a lot faster, nya!


<b>Thrill of the Catch</b>

Once you've cast your line, the rest is up to Lady Ehekatl. At first, you'll catch only junk and small fry, but bigger and better fish will find their way to you as you get better with the rod, nya. Over the years, I've also pulled out all kinds of treasures from the water!

Oh, right! Fish spoil really quickly, so bring a cooler or two to hold your catch!

{p}
Sometimes, you'll hook a fish that's too large to carry — that's when I recommend having a cutting board. With one, you can slice something like a whale or shark down to size so you aren't squashed, nya.


<b>Afterwards</b>

Now that you have your fish, what do you do with it?

If you follow Lady Ehekatl like me, shippers will pay you half as much again for fresh fish, so that's a good one, nya! Kids these days are all into "bonito flakes wine", too… it feels sacrilegious to do that to Lady Ehekatl's blessings, but people pay well for a taste of the ocean.

{p}
If you ask me, you should eat the fish! With forty years' experience, my catches are legendary — whether it's bonito flakes, soy sauce, or fish slices, they're all delicious, nya! Fish are particularly good for your dexterity and learning, but everyone can enjoy them!

So go and fish! May Lady Ehekatl's blessing be upon you, nya!
