Lesser Deities: Moonshadow,Theolucia - Scholar of History,0

The goddess of nefu who adores song and dance, Horome is the younger sister of the mifu god Kizuami. Interest in the nefu has recently grown, and with it Horome's popularity for her maternal yet ephemeral visage. It's not hard to see why: the nefu goddess shares several superficial traits with Ehekatl, and may have benefited from the Goddess of Luck's dominance in today's religious society.
{p}
<b>Goddess of Nefu</b>

Like her brother, Horome is a racial deity; almost all nefu worship her. According to their legends, she is shy and reclusive, sometimes taking on human guises to mingle with mortals, yet never staying long as she dislikes deception. The portrayal of Horome's moonlight sword dance is the purest essence of the goddess, a picture of tragic beauty rarely glimpsed by her faithful and subsequently captured in divinely inspired art.

Horome teaches her worshippers:

* That strength is inseparable from beauty and form from function,
* That pregnancies and happy children are blessings to be cherished,
* That knowledge lies not only in closeted study, but practical experience of the world,
* That what we have is not ours to use as we please, but held in stewardship for future generations.
{p}
Horome's teachings are specifically tailored to the nefu; for example, her stance on children is obvious considering that the nefu are long-lived and slow to breed. The emphasis on practical application means every aspect of nefu life is an act of worship — a religion that is lived in each moment instead of merely a weekly service at church. Nefu strive to make themselves and their surroundings pleasant to the senses, seeking to mirror Horome's beauty.

Unlike the mifu, their priestess is not a hereditary position. Instead, a successor is picked from amongst the young women who exemplify the ideal of femininity as embodied by their goddess: one who has mastered arts both martial and aesthetic, who has borne (or is certain to bear) many children, and has a wealth of experience in dealing with the world and its people.
{p}
<b>Sword Dances</b>

At the heart of Horome worship are sword dances — by going through the forms and re-enacting the stories they embody, the dancer steps into the role of the goddess and experiences the past through her eyes. As such, all nefu sword dances are considered religious rites; while the motions are recognizable as having basis in swordsmanship, the dances are purely performative.

Set to music, most sword dances only involve one dancer, notable exceptions being the ones performed during their festivals in which the entire village participates. There is no detail too small to be overlooked: everything from the length of the sword to the ritual costume and one's personal grooming is important as the dancer becomes part of the story being told through melody and motion.
{p}
Through sword dances, the nefu learn their past and folklore by experiencing it, a method that keeps to Horome's teachings and resembles the oral traditions of several Juere tribes in South Tyris. The current priestess and any successor in training are responsible for mastering all known sword dances; they then impart this knowledge to other nefu as required.

As a scholar of history, I found it concerning that such knowledge should be the responsibility of at most two people and how easily it might be lost. The nefu answered that each sword dance originates with Horome herself and was granted to them by divine revelation — easy to believe, as human dances feel stiff and wooden by comparison. Should anything happen, the goddess would simply hand down the knowledge again.

Such piety is truly impressive, but as an academic the answer still does not sit right with me…
