Miraculous Healing at Noyel Church
In Noyel's church, a gravely ill villager miraculously recovered overnight. Was it divine intervention or a magic? A single beautiful feather was reportedly found on the church floor.
@snow

Divine Feather Scam
Fake feathers of the Goddess of Healing are flooding the market, leading to an increase in victims. Authorities in the royal city urge reporting of suspicious products.
@city,guard_m-1

Opatos Turns, Earth Shakes
A large tremor was detected in the northern region last night. Followers of Opatos report it as Earth God turning in his sleep.
@city

Leap to Become the Wind
A follower of Lulwy jumped off a cliff attempting to become wind. Eyewitnesses say he was naked and sang "Children of the wind!" as he flew. He was unharmed, but it remains unknown if he became the wind.
@port

Goddess of Oblivion: Merchants' New Partner
During tough tax inspections, an increasing number of merchants are claiming their memories were erased by Goddess of Oblivion, Yakasha. The faith seems to be spreading in the business world.
@room

Purrfectly Cute: Cat Cosplay Craze
A cat cosplay trend is quickly taking root among followers of Ehekatl. Donning cat ears and tails daily to attract her blessings and luck, they're bringing smiles to faces across North Tyris.
@city

From Devotees to Cats? The Modern Shape of Faith
Ehekatl followers embracing cat cosplay while attending church is now a common sight. However, opinions within the church walls are divided on "how far to tolerate the forms of faith."
@room

Tech Devotees Excited for Yerl's New Automata
Yerl's upcoming automata, a rival to Eulderna's 'Golem', is already igniting excitement among the followers of Mani. A robot face-off is highly awaited.
@labo

Plant-Naming Contest
In the midst of exploration, a sudden naming contest was held by a Kumiromi devotee who sighted a rare plant. Adventurers gathered for a lively naming showdown, which crowned 'Green Euldarna' as the winner.
@road

Itzpalt Gains Niche Female Fan Base
Often worshipped by scholars and autocrats, God of Element has recently begun to attract female followers. Notably, the romantic alias 'Red-haired Duke' seems to have become an object of adoration.
@room

Itzpalt Follower Presents Shocking New Theory
A follower of Itzpalt introduced the 'Six Elements Theory' at a conference, causing a shockwave through academia. The theory has sparked fresh interpretations among believers.
@labo

Forest Protection Movement
Followers of Kumiromi have begun a forest preservation initiative. Amidst unique monsters, they are dedicated to the regeneration and conservation of forest ecosystems.
@road

School of Sages
Believers of Itzpalt have founded a distinctive educational framework, hailed as the 'School of Sages'. This novel approach is drawing attention among academic and teaching circles.
@labo

Children of Kumiromi Talk to Lonely Trees
An odd ritual of Kumiromi followers, in which they talk to solitary old trees to bond with plant life, has been revealed.
@road

Small Wonder of a Lonely Believer
A solitary follower of Elin living in North Tyris' outskirts has created her own sanctuary. Around her dedicated little altar, wildlife and monsters coexist peacefully.
@road
